#summary Custom / Triggers
#labels Featured
#sidebar

= Introduction =
Triggers included in SCP in addition to sphere's default ones.
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />


== Item Triggers ==
|| *Trigger* || *Description* ||
|| @Craft || Fired when the item was crafted with OSI Crafting System ||
----

== Character Triggers ==
|| *Trigger* || *Description* ||
|| @AfterHit || After a hit was done and damage calculated ||
|| @Block || Fired if the player blocks the hit ||
|| @Cure || When the player is cured using new Cure ||
|| @ItemCraft || Fired when the player crafts an item with OSI Crafting System ||
|| @Poison || When the character gets poisoned with the new Poisoning ||
|| @PoisonTick || Fired at every poison tick (every time is damaged by poison) ||
|| @ReceivePowerScroll || The player received a Power Scroll from a Champion spawn ||
|| @ReceiveTranscendenceScroll || The player received a Transcendence Scroll from a Champion spawn ||
|| @ReceiveStatPowerScroll || The player received a Stat Power Scroll from a Champion spawn ||
|| @Shield || Fired when the player tries to parry the blow ||
----

== NPC Triggers ==
|| *Trigger* || *Description* ||
|| @CustomVendorDismiss || Fired when the vendor isn't payed and he dismiss ||
----






<wiki:comment>
----
== Item Triggers ==
*@Block*<br>
Fired when a shield or a weapon blocks the attack in the combat system.<br>
Default: Shield/Weapon<br>
ARGO: Who blocked the hit

<br>
*@Shield*<br>
Fired when a shield blocks the attack in the combat system.<br>
Default: Shield<br>
ARGO: Who blocked the hit

<br>
*@Craft*<br>
Fired when the player successfully craft the item. NOTE: Only fired if using the new crafting system.<br>
Default: The item<br>
ARGO: The player who crafted the item
----

== Character Triggers ==
*@AfterHit*<br>
It alters the damage done by a weapon. The difference between @Hit and this is that @AfterHit is triggered after the new combat system calculates the damage. This must be used to alter the damage if you are using combat system included in SCP.<br>
Default: Hitter<br>
SRC: Hitted<br>
ARGN1: damage<br>
ARGN2: weapon.<br>
An example of use:<br>
{{{
on=@afterhit
if <argn2> == <findid(i_attunement).tag0.weap> && <src> == <findid(i_attunement).link>
return <eval (<argn1> / 2)>
endif
}}}

<br>
*@ReceivePowerScroll*<br>
When the player receives a power scroll in the Champion System<br>
Default: Player

<br>
*@ReceiveTranscendenceScroll*<br>
When the player receives a transcendence scroll in the Champion System<br>
Default: Player

<br>
*@ReceiveStatPowerScroll*<br>
When the player receives a stat power scroll in the Champion System<br>
Default: Player

<br>
*@ItemCraft*<br>
Fired when the player successfully craft an item. NOTE: This is only fired if using the new crafting system.<br>
Default: Player<br>
ARGO: Item Crafted
----

----
== NPC Triggers ==
*@CustomVendorDismiss*<br>
When the NPC is dismissed in the custom vendor system<br>
Default: Vendor
----
</wiki:comment>